Refactor release process in order to include changelog in release files (#1246)
pypa/pipx: CONTRIBUTING.md

## Releasing New `pipx` Versions

> To release a new version, manually run the `bump-changelog` action under the *"Actions"* tab, passing it the version to
> be released. This will create a pull request updating the changelog for the upcoming version, with the `release-version` label. Attaching this label to any pull request of which the title follows the format `<Version>: Description` and merging it will trigger GitHub workflows that publish:

Reviewer: This to me is a bit clearer.

```suggestion
To release a new version, manually run the `bump-changelog` action under the *"Actions"* tab, passing it the version to
be released. This will create a pull request updating the changelog for the upcoming version, with the `release-version`
label. Merging this PR will automatically trigger the release workflows.

Attaching this label to any pull request of which the title follows the format `<Version>: Description` and merging it will 
trigger the release workflows as well.

The release workflow consists of publishing:
```
